<p>0x00. Math - Complex Resources Read or watch: &bull;Introduction to complex numbers &bull;Modulus and Argument &bull;Operations (Only from page 1 to page 4) &bull;Absolute value &amp; angle &bull;Conjugates Learning Objectives This project is devoted to do some basic operations in the real line and the complex plane. &bull;Algebra operations. &bull;Absolute values. &bull;Cosinus and Sinus. &bull;The Cartesian plane. &bull;The Complex plane. &bull;Real part and Imaginary part of Complex Numbers. &bull;Modulus &bull;Argument Requirements C Before doing this project, you need to know : &bull;How to use structures General &bull;Allowed editors: vi, vim, emacs &bull;All your files will be compiled on Ubuntu 20.04 LTS &bull;Your programs and functions will compiled with gcc 9.3.0 using the flags -Wall -Werror -Wextra -std=c89 and -pedantic &bull;All your files should end with a new line &bull;A README.md file, at the root of the folder of the project &bull;There should be no errors and no warnings during compilation &bull;Your code should use the Betty style. It will be checked using betty-style.pl and betty-doc.pl Tasks 0. Structure Complex Build the structure &ldquo;complex&rdquo; where a complex number a + ib is represented by two doubles. Write a function that displays the complex numbers, followed by a new line. &bull;Prototype: void display_complex_number(complex c); &bull;You can use printf in your code 1. Conjugate Write a function that returns the conjugate of a given complex number. &bull;Prototype: complex conjugate(complex c); 2. Modulus Write a function that returns the modulus of a given complex number. &bull;Prototype: double modulus(complex c); &bull;You can use the library in your code 3. Argument Write a function that returns the argument of a given complex number. &bull;Prototype: double argument(complex c); &bull;You can use the library in your code 4. Addition Write a function that performs the addition operation to complex numbers. &bull;Prototype: void addition(complex c1, complex c2, complex *c3); 5. Substraction Write a function that performs the substraction operation to complex numbers. &bull;Prototype: void substraction(complex c1, complex c2, complex *c3); 6. Multiplication Write a function that performs the multiplication operation to complex numbers. &bull;Prototype: void multiplication(complex c1, complex c2, complex *c3); 7. Division Write a function that performs the division operation to complex numbers. &bull;Prototype: void division(complex c1, complex c2, complex *c3); 8. Real and imaginary Write a function that update the real and the imaginary parts of a complex number given its modulus and arguments. &bull;Prototype: void complex_from_mod_arg (double m, double arg, complex *c3); &bull;You can use the library in your code&nbsp;</p>
